---
layout: me
title: About Me
permalink: /me/
tags: me
---

To get a bit of a background of who I am, I am a Software Developer who is currently working at Systems & Technology Research (STR) a company in Woburn, Massachusetts which works on research projects for defense, intelligence, and homeland security applications; their website is linked [here](https://www.stresearch.com/). I graduated with an electrical engineering degree, but my work experience has been in many different fields. While in school, I worked as a tutor for physics, chemistry, calculus, and semiconductor physics, as a TA for Electro-magnetic Fields course, and even as a janitor for the clean room at the RIT semiconductor fabrication lab ([SMFL](http://www.smfl.rit.edu/)). Throughout my time in college I worked on multiple extracurricular projects like a robotic mouse that solves mazes in a 2015 IEEE project, an EMG analyzer that uses machine learning to find finger position in a Biorobotics course, an all terrain robot for the 2015 RIT SPDC conference, and a robotic composter to be used by elementary school children for my senior design project. I was involved with undergraduate research, first one in photonics with Dr. Preble and Dr.Lu and second one on L1-norm k-means clustering machine learning algorithms with Dr. Markopoulos. Through my working career I worked in a few industries including a firmware engineer for Boeing, a power systems engineer at The Aerospace Corporation, and most recently a software engineer at BAE Systems. While at BAE Systems, I was an author for the paper “A Dynamic Transport Overlay System for Mission-Oriented Dispersed Computing over IoBT” published in MILCOM19.

I am currently looking into starting a PhD as a robotics graduate student. Ideally I would like to work on either integrated robotic systems, autonomous robotics, or human-robot interactions. With this blog I hope to not only entertain you with possible new thoughts on the automation field but also learn a lot myself. I want to even find groups of other passionate people who have worked with robots that might have some interesting thoughts about some ideas I lay out. I want to have a landing page for my profile as an engineer and a PhD candidate. Lastly I want to learn about what it is like developing content for others that is in a more creative space like writing.

Hopefully this gives you a good view of who I am and if you will find what I talk about interesting. Enjoy!